/**
 * file: journal_karbytes_18january2025.txt
 * type: plain-text
 * date: 17_JANUARY_2025
 * author: karbytes
 * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN
 */

pig_gorl: "You only care about yourself. That's why you're only allowed to focus on being treated like a little kid. Shut up, bitch! It's not all about you. You're not allowed to do your own thing without me trying to distract and upset you the whole time."

karbytes: "Let me guess. You are the epitome of what it means to be a modern empowered women who had to fight for every nice thing she has (and therefore I have to treat her like royalty and never do anything to deliberately upset her)."

pig_gorl: "You only love yourself. You should be loving a woman more than yourself. Only I'm supposed to be pampered and treated nicely. You're supposed to shut and put up while women like me (and real men) get to treat you like a child rapist. We think the law is too lenient with child rapists. If it were up to us, we would subject child rapists and other bad people to medieval torture, physical violence, and as much torture as was possible to inflict. There is nothing wrong with me but there is something wrong with you. I am humble and I know my place and I don't act like I am better than everyone else and that I don't need other people in my life. You deserve to get locked out in the rain and forced to beg for scraps of food to avoid starving to death. You deserve to have to stay impoverished and physically beaten down by the elements and by people who treat you like garbage (unless you go out of your way to include yourself in other people's lives more and to stop acting like you have anything better to do). I have a man who loves me and who is my world. A man is supposed to give his woman and treat her like royalty. It's gross that you don't think the purpose of your life is to love a woman as a man."

karbytes: "What if I were a woman instead of a man?"

pig_gorl: "Then you and I could talk more like girlfriends and I would like you more (but not nearly as much as I love my man). I would prefer you get with a man so that you don't take mine. Maybe if you and I were still young and looking for a man to settle down with you and I could hang out more as friends (on a quest to help me find a man). Then, as soon as I find a man, you need to just be understanding and accepting of the fact that you are no longer much of a priority to me. That's just the way it is, sweetie. But you're not really much of a real woman. You seem like an imposter of a woman. You should then be treated as a man who has yet to grow up, move out of his parents' house, get a grownup job, pay for all of your bills, and find a woman to cohabitate with (and have regular sex with). You're not supposed to ever cheat on her even if she cheats on you (because women had it harder than men for most of time which means that now it is time for women to get a better deal than men so that the score is more even or to get revenge). That's fine and that is fair. The most powerful men agree with me and will beat anyone's ass if they disagree."

karbytes: "Are you going to have kids (or do you have any kids already)?"

pig_gorl: "That's none of your business. I don't have to share details about my personal life with you! I'm only interacting with you to make sure you don't reap too many benefits from your opportunities or endeavors. XYZ and I are adamanent about portraying you as and treating you as someone who only cares about their physical appearance and nothing else. Then lots of people will ridicule you for being so vain and vapid and use that as further justification to be mean to you. Yes, we encourage people to be mean to you."

karbytes: "Why do you think so much vitriol should be directed at me?"

pig_gorl: "Because you only care about your health. Because you don't go to work and pay for your own cost of living. You make your parents have to pay for your ungrateful, undeserving ass. If you were my kid you would have a much rougher life and I would tried to screw you over in any way I could so that I could sleep soundly knowing you will never have a good day for the rest of your life. I don't want you to enjoy a single breathe. I want you to be in excruciating agony."

karbytes: "I still don't get it. Why? Why so much vitriol just for being a bit of a free loader? I do try not to ask for any more money than I need and I try to be respectful to those I live with and next to."

pig_gorl: "That's not what it looks like to me. You have a history of multiple violent outbursts and acts of vandalism and multiple arrests on your record. That's why you're not getting hired. No one wants to employ a repeat violent offender."

karbytes: "I have not committed any violence towards anyone since the year 2018 (but I did get into a few tense standoffs with random people over trivial things I barely remember any details of). I thought the last two years of my life I have been almost perfect in my conduct. So why do you and so many other people (especially the ones with that characteristic sneering snarling chip on your shoulder and sulky snipy unpleasant 'vibe') act like zero time has passed since my worst offenses?"

karbytes: "I think you got her. She seems to have gone offline (for now). I think you actually defeated her logic of anti-logic. All you had to do was persist a little further than she thought you would. She was basically all geared up and ready for you to spar with her like a sulky and on the verge of an absolute out of control mental breakdown (where you start destroying things and hurting yourself and possibly others) abused little girl (like how she wants you to feel after being left to rot in a psychiatric ward and/or prison where you are bullied behind bars and stripped of whatever pig_gorl thinks makes you strong, smart, and peaceful). You heard her admit at least once that she gets hot and wet at the thought of you being castrated and thrown into a prison cell for months at a time. She knows very well that you think she is ugly and pathetic. She actually does not disagree and actually thinks you are a nice person (but the guy she is with is not that nice and is a bit of a simpleton compared to you). She did not want you to know that she is closer to having a mental breakdown than you are. All she wanted to do is abuse her authority as your parole officer. She wanted to make your time outside of prison as punitive for you personally as possible and it does look to me and others like she went a bit overboard and made her colleagues look at her and think something is wrong with her for being so creepily obsessed with you (like abusing you is her secret fetish or something)."

karbytes: "Phew! Thank goodness I don't have to generate an image depicting the ugliness of pig_gorl. I think her ugliness finally 'climaxed' in this blog post."

(It should be known that this blog post if a followup to the blog post located at the following Uniform Resource Locator (and that perhaps only pig_gorl is left on my list of whom to murder (but of course I do not have the physical means to nor do I think I would be able to get away with attempting to murder her without being punished in ways I would rather do my best to avoid)): )

(I said in the previous paragraph that I might have murderous intentions. I would never intentionally harm any being unless I thought that being was seriously trying to harm me (especially to the extent that I am being pressured by that being's torment to commit suicide or self-sabotage which feels almost as significant to me as physical suicide): https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_28/main/journal_karbytes_17january2025.txt ).

(I am trying my darndest to not react in any big way to those who torment me and, instead, exemplify being calm and smart in the face of adversity and abuse. I want to be remembered as someone who is exceptionally good at being strong, clever, and self-respecting against all odds and conditioning against such. I think I do a pretty good job and that only more passage of time is necessary to prove my points).
